README.md, before:

## Original code, and how it runs
![](images/async-chat-1.png)

How to run chat: Set up 4 terminals
- 1 terminal will be used as the server, run 
```bash
cargo run --bin server
```
- 3 terminals will be used as the clients, run 
```bash
 cargo run --bin client
 ```

 From the screenshot above, we can observe that when a client sends a message, the server receives it and broadcasts it to all connected clients, including the sender. This works because the server keeps track of every connected client and listens for messages. Once a message is received from any client, the server forwards it to all active connections.

## Modifying ports
To modify the port on the server, we need to change the ```TCPListener``` port number in the ```server.rs``` file. We also needed to change the port number in the ```client.rs``` file to match the server's port number. 

The WebSocket protocol isn't explicitly declared on the server side. Instead, the server binds a port using a TCPListener, which listens for incoming TCP connections. Once a connection is established, the server creates a socket and passes it to a WebSocket handler. While the server doesn't directly state that it's using the WebSocket protocol, it effectively implements the WebSocket specification through the tokio-websocket crate.

Commit message:

Experiment 2.3: Small changes, add IP and Port

README.md, after:

## Original code, and how it runs
![chat-aync-1.png](images/chat-aync-1.png)
How to run chat: Set up 4 terminals
- 1 terminal will be used as the server, run 
```bash
cargo run --bin server
```
- 3 terminals will be used as the clients, run 
```bash
 cargo run --bin client
 ```

 From the screenshot above, we can observe that when a client sends a message, the server receives it and broadcasts it to all connected clients, including the sender. This works because the server keeps track of every connected client and listens for messages. Once a message is received from any client, the server forwards it to all active connections.

## Modifying ports
To modify the port on the server, we need to change the ```TCPListener``` port number in the ```server.rs``` file. We also needed to change the port number in the ```client.rs``` file to match the server's port number. 

The WebSocket protocol isn't explicitly declared on the server side. Instead, the server binds a port using a TCPListener, which listens for incoming TCP connections. Once a connection is established, the server creates a socket and passes it to a WebSocket handler. While the server doesn't directly state that it's using the WebSocket protocol, it effectively implements the WebSocket specification through the tokio-websocket crate.

![chat-aync-2.png](images/chat-aync-2.png)

I  made the changes on the server side, since the server already tracks which messages belong to which client address. This is possible because when a client connects, the server spawns a new asynchronous task to handle the message stream from that specific client. Each client is associated with its own thread and handler, and this information is stored in the addr argument. This setup makes it easy to include the client’s address in any message that gets broadcasted back to all clients.
